two hours before the match with the dynamo Kazan
it snowed even on Saturday
showed thermometer plus 12 but not even
football weather did not stop to collect on
tribune central
stadium pretty decent audience
composition Kazan team compared
with
there was only one man with a torpedo
replacement service shared with
by a consortium
have a dynamo so the reason busting cards in
Kazan sugar
the beginning of the meeting left the newspaper asking
Fernando from his half of the field did
transfer to the penalty area of ​​the terminal
round table wrestling and punched
head of the clip noticeably quieted down because
sailing backs by the way second
October is the same
choice club scored mayor with then this
the dynamo did not help at all
at least as it turned out later
these three points
nv
4 pages
moreover a good team
I consider that
I am grateful to the guys that they survived
installation
if to the end
however, the main score of direct is difficult because
all attempts to reclaim Rabin
Dynamo if the calendar plan
is its space
half field fans on
the stands they wondered how
boy's deaths were able to win up
the end of the match
about your desire to leave your gates
Dynamo earned from the referee
alexander efthymiou only for yellow
card to them
in other cases, the knights confined
By the way, these cards have become
match only
in the second half of the first half
the initiative went to ruby
take advantage and the owners never did
Alehandro Dominguez could often
got into the area of ​​the Denis network
well and in attacking actions
her start second half time
ruby left one standard
followed by another
the hosts pressed organizing
Moscow guest workers May 30
most dangerous
championship sheet last matches all
more often the middle of the field but the goalkeeper
Dynamo Moscow, we have not
draw on the difficulties of other teams because
that we have paid a lot
glasses to go out
un security therefore
with all of our difficulties
for example now in the arctic and in
principle testament
on the bench but did not give
opportunity to strengthen our game
consistent replacement of military base
rvb alean
Minister Andrews Cubilus reported
Salavat official website
at a press conference the day before he
Deservedly Dynamo Nizami District
authorities will be able to vote
together from now
but since June
on trial
last monday
that is, adults but not what they gave
turn up
football
ridiculous mistake
inter defender
Of course, many media
incident that was localized
don't know if you mean
guest gate